Add changelog for 2025-03-14 (#3131)
neondatabase/website: content/changelog/2025-03-14.md

---

> title: HIPAA compliance, GitHub Secret Scanning, and more

Reviewer: maybe change the title to match the order of items in the changelog. Do we want to lead with HIPPA and then GitHub Secret Scanning (two security items together at the top?)

> title: HIPAA compliance, GitHub Secret Scanning, and more security updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: HIPAA compliance, Neon Auth added to MCP Server,GitHub Secret Scanning, and more
```

---

## Neon is now HIPAA compliant ✅

Neon is now fully HIPAA compliant, adding to our existing security certifications (SOC 2 Type 2, ISO 27001, ISO 27701) and regulatory alignments (GDPR, CCPA).

![Neon's compliance certifications with HIPAA highlighted](/docs/relnotes/compliance-badges.png)

> <center>*✨New✨: HIPAA compliance certification added to our security achievements*</center>

Reviewer 2: Yes! Images are all revised left

## Neon joins GitHub's Secret Scanning Partner program 🔒

Neon is now a GitHub Secret Scanning Partner, helping protect users by automatically detecting exposed Neon database credentials and API keys in public repositories and npm packages. When a credential is detected, GitHub notifies Neon, triggering alerts to our security team and affected users. This integration adds an extra layer of security, ensuring leaked credentials are identified and mitigated before they can be exploited. Learn more in our [security documentation](/docs/security/security-overview#github-secret-scanning).

## "LAST" login indicator

We've added a simple **LAST** tag on our login screen that shows which authentication method you previously used. No more guessing which login method to choose when returning to Neon!

![Login screen showing a LAST indicator on the Google login option](/docs/relnotes/last-indicator-image.png)

<details>

<summary>**Fixes & improvements**</summary>

- **Neon Console**

  - Updated AWS region names to match their official AWS identifiers (e.g., "AWS US East 1" instead of "AWS US East"), making it easier to identify familiar regions when creating a new project.

>     ![AWS region selector showing numbered regions](/docs/relnotes/aws-regions-image.png)

Reviewer: This image is showing in the preview

>   - The Console now remembers your last selected connection format (like Node.js, Python, or psql), automatically showing your preferred format when you return to the connection drawer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The **Connect to your database** modal on the **Project Dashboard** now remembers your last selected connection snippet (like Node.js, Python, psql, etc.), automatically showing your preferred connection snippet when you return to the modal.
```

>   - Improved SQL Editor responsiveness by unlocking the Run button more quickly after query execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Improved SQL Editor responsiveness by unlocking the **Run** button more quickly after query execution.
```

- **Neon API**

  Added consistent email validation across all endpoints (1-256 characters).

- **Neon CLI**

>   The `create-app` command has been deprecated.

Reviewer 3: Removed might be better wording

- **1Password integration**

>   Improved how connection strings are saved in 1Password - now stores the complete connection string in a single field for easier copy/paste functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Improved how connection strings are saved in 1Password — it now stores the complete connection string in a single field for easier copy/paste functionality.
```

## "LAST" login indicator

We've added a simple **LAST** tag on our login screen that shows which authentication method you previously used. No more guessing which login method to choose when returning to Neon!

![Login screen showing a LAST indicator on the Google login option](/docs/relnotes/last-indicator-image.png)

<details>

<summary>**Fixes & improvements**</summary>

- **Neon Console**

  - Updated AWS region names to match their official AWS identifiers (e.g., "AWS US East 1" instead of "AWS US East"), making it easier to identify familiar regions when creating a new project.

    ![AWS region selector showing numbered regions](/docs/relnotes/aws_regions_image.png)

  - The **Connect to your database** modal on the **Project Dashboard** now remembers your last selected connection snippet (like Node.js, Python, psql, etc.), automatically showing your preferred connection snippet when you return to the modal.
  - Improved SQL Editor responsiveness by unlocking the **Run** button more quickly after query execution.

- **Neon API**

>   - Added consistent email validation across all endpoints (1-256 characters).

Reviewer: we can remove the bullet here, as there's only one item.

- **Neon CLI**

>   - The `create-app` command has been deprecated.

Reviewer: we can remove the bullet here, as there's only one item.
